# miniproject1
This is about my project on Augmented Reality
SCOPE OF THE PROJECT: 
                                 This   project   aims  at  showcasing  the leaders speech with the help of ar. By this project   the new generation  kids  , students and many can again knowledge in a interactive way.  Nowadays kids and students are more interactive and well knowledgeable ones so for them just teaching manually is not that much effective and most of them are not aware of the history or about our leaders so this project helps the students to know well about the leaders and their way of talking and speeches of them. 
                                 We have used vuforia software that is we have imported vuforia software in unity editor. By this editor and software we set the image target and we have set the required components needed. 
 
PURPOSE OF AUGMENTED REALITY: 
                             There is a fundamental disconnect between the wealth of digital data available to us and the physical world in which we apply it. While reality is threedimensional, the rich data we now have to inform our decisions and actions remains trapped on two-dimensional pages and screens. This gulf between the real and digital worlds limits our ability to take advantage of the torrent of information and insights produced by billions of smart, connected products (SCPs) worldwide. 
                              Augmented reality, a set of technologies that superimposes digital data and images on the physical world, promises to close this gap and release untapped and uniquely human capabilities. 

PURPOSE OF THIS PROJECT: 
                                In the era of digital world, traditional art of learning or educating has improvised . The main aim of the project is to showcase the speeches of the great leaders to enhance the knowledge of the budding generation as that could achieve the better understanding of the students to understand how the leaders where there so that it could improve the knowledge in the field of education.

FUTURE OF AUGMENTED REALITY: 
                                   AR has increased human opportunities with automation and machine learning with advanced knowledge. However, humans might be concerned a bit due to the We have witnessed several reality technologies over time that include virtual reality, mixed reality, and now an extended existence. The Extended Reality Guide and Mixed Reality is still in the process of growing, but virtual and augmented reality has widespread over time. 
                                    However, in this, a leader’s guide to augmented reality, you will get a better understanding advancement of Augmented Reality technology. For centuries, human labor has come up as a significant point, but with technology, manual work is now diminishing.It is increasing the standard of living and enhanced productivity with the advancement of Augmented Reality technology that requires new types of workers and unique requirements. AR works as a digital revolution that is offering new opportunities and information that were unknown.The fact is that humans are misinterpreting the evolution of technology in the present world. The algorithms and machines are not smart enough to replace human strengths that include sophisticated motor skills. 
 
                                    AR includes a subtle manipulation of technology to enhance individual skills while adapting to interpret information, exercise judgment, solve problems, and even take a specific action. However, creative ability, intuition, impaction, and flexibility work on the machine.It might be useful and impressive, but with the help of human strength, it can offer more value and higher productivity. AR helps in bridging the gap between the physical and digital world that can enhance the capabilities of machines using digital knowledge.So, in the world of the digital revolution, it is best to embrace what is going to grow in the future of augmented reality. Go through the whole Augmented Reality guide and get a better idea of what is best. 

